Create 2021-06-30-join-demodam-hackathon.md (#215)
publiccodenet/blog: _posts/2021-06-30-join-demodam-hackathon.md

---

> title: "Join the Demodam hackathon"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "Join the first Demodam hackathon, 5-9 July 2021"
```

date: 2021-06-30
author: Alba Roza
type: blogpost

> excerpt: Information on how to join the following Demodam hackathon

Reviewer: ```suggestion
excerpt: Information on how to join the upcoming Demodam hackathon
```

categories:

>   - Demodam

Reviewer 2: Do we want a specific category for Demodam? I don't think we have one for any other codebase yet. I think we mostly use "news" instead.

Author: Changed!

---

# Join the Demodam hackathon

> Demodam is a new concept that brings together a community of developers, companies, municipalities and users. The idea of Demodam, a demo of a municipal website, enables reusable open source products and services available for municipalities in a single market place.

Reviewer: Does the idea of Demodam enable anything? Or Demodam itself?

```suggestion
Demodam is a new concept that brings together a community of developers, companies, municipalities and users. Demodam, a demo of a municipal website, showcases reusable open source products and services available for municipalities in a single market place.
```

## The hackathon

> During the hackathon of July 5-9 Demodam will take shape - hopefully supported by a grant from the Dutch Ministry of the Interior. Would you like to contribute to this interesting project? Here are the details you need to know.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During the hackathon of July 5-9 Demodam will take shape - hopefully supported by a grant from the Dutch Ministry of the Interior. Would you like to contribute to this interesting project? Here's what you need to know.
```

Reviewer: Suggest replacing "would you like to contribute" with a more concrete invitation - have you previously worked on a Common Ground component? Are you a dev (or whoever you're hoping to attract?) We'd love to have you!

> In [this collaborative document](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1ueLpnCIA06f05uuSTop8DU9olLb0M34iR_HrjsebRfI/edit#slide=id.p) you can find all the information about it. As in other [Common Ground](https://commonground.nl/cms/view/77953921-4161-462c-af24-6ac3cd7d61a7/common-ground-wat-hoe-en-waarom) hackathons, you just have to go to slide 17 and add your team name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In [this collaborative document](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1ueLpnCIA06f05uuSTop8DU9olLb0M34iR_HrjsebRfI/edit#slide=id.p) you can find all the information about it - including goals, scope and the schedule. As in other [Common Ground](https://commonground.nl/cms/view/77953921-4161-462c-af24-6ac3cd7d61a7/common-ground-wat-hoe-en-waarom) hackathons, you just have to go to slide 17 and add your team name.
```

> In [this collaborative document](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1ueLpnCIA06f05uuSTop8DU9olLb0M34iR_HrjsebRfI/edit#slide=id.p) you can find all the information about it. As in other [Common Ground](https://commonground.nl/cms/view/77953921-4161-462c-af24-6ac3cd7d61a7/common-ground-wat-hoe-en-waarom) hackathons, you just have to go to slide 17 and add your team name.

Reviewer 2: This sounds strange (and perhaps it is!). Do you always have to go to slide 17 in Common Ground hackathons?

Author: Not _that_ specific slide but it's the thing they've done as far as I know

Reviewer: Suggest removing the Common Ground link here - it muddies which link you need to follow to sign up. You could instead introduce CG support in the intro, including the link, if you think it's important to mention that context.

Once you select your favorite time slot for your pitch on the last day you'll just have to duplicate slide number 27 and edit it with your own characteristics. Some other competing teams have already added their proposals to the slide deck, we are waiting for yours!

## Any doubts or comments?

> The website of Demodam is currently under development, so the best way of reaching out to the community is either:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Demodam website is currently under development, so meet the community by:
```

> - Joining their #demodam [Slack channel](https://samenorganiseren.slack.com/join/shared_invite/zt-dex1d7sk-wy11sKYWCF0qQYjJHSMW5Q#/shared-invite/email)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Joining the [#demodam Slack channel](https://samenorganiseren.slack.com/join/shared_invite/zt-dex1d7sk-wy11sKYWCF0qQYjJHSMW5Q#/shared-invite/email)
```

> - Their [repository](https://github.com/demodam/demodam.org)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Checking out the repository](https://github.com/demodam/demodam.org)
```

> - Reaching out to them [on Twitter](https://twitter.com/Demodam_cg)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Reaching out [on Twitter](https://twitter.com/Demodam_cg)
```

> - Following their updates [on LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/demodam)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Following their [LinkedIn updates](https://www.linkedin.com/company/demodam)
```
